 1. What is Semantic HTML? html markup used to defining the meaning of code on a webpage
    2. What is HTML used for? it is used to creat webpages to be viewd on the internet
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? special words used inside html tags to define the text. they go both before inside the first tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is the main header and should only be used for important headers. one time per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img has 2 required attributes. the anchor tag has an attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the name of the website 
    7. What is an id? it is an attribute that can only be used for one thing on the page
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only one time
    10. What is a class? an attribute that is for multiple items on the page 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you need to
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="" target="_blank"></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? specifies alt text
    15. How do I reference an id?#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div a div is a block a section is not
    17. What is CSS used for? to make a page look pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page use the element name such as h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one a class is used for more than one item so for list items. an id is more specific and only used for one item. so for a paragraph.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a parent is the outer div and the child is what is inside being more specific with you css
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?use the anchor tag or a if it is not present use .sidebar to be more specific us .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spaceing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spaceing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?*/*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rem it is permant
    34. Why should I use version control? helps teams solve problems by being able to track each others commits 
    35. How often should I commit to github?after you are done with the code you are working on
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? push origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork add tl as collabortor
clone make a new branch with my name make a change to file commit file to master branch push to git hub ad tl as reviewer.
